Docs: large update to the `concepts/` section (#702)
DAGWorks-Inc/hamilton: docs/concepts/function-modifiers.rst

- The function modifier ``@check_output_custom`` allows you to define your own validator. Validators inherit the ``base.BaseDefaultValidator`` class and are essentially standardized Hamilton node definitions (instead of functions). See ``hamilton/data_quality/default_validators.py`` or reach out on `Slack <https://join.slack.com/t/hamilton-opensource/shared_invite/zt-1bjs72asx-wcUTgH7q7QX1igiQ5bbdcg>`_ for help!

.. note::

    As you see, validation steps effectively add nodes to the dataflow and the visualization. This helps trace which specific check failed for instance, but it can make visualizations harder to read.

    You can hide these nodes using the custom visualization style feature (see :ref:`custom-visualization-style`) by applying the style ``{"style": "invis"}`` to nodes with the tag ``hamilton.data_quality.source_node``. This will only keep the original nodes and their ``_raw`` variant.

pandera support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Hamilton has a pandera plugin for data validation that you can install with ``pip install sf-hamilton[pandera]``. Then, you can pass pandera schemas (DataFrame or Series) to ``@check_output(schema=...)``.

@schema
~~~~~~~

> The ``@schema`` function modifiers provides lightweight type validation for dataframes. It works by specifying a specifying tuples of ``(field_name, field_type)`` with types as strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``@schema`` function modifier provides a lightweight way to add metadata for dataframes. It works by specifying a specifying tuples of ``(field_name, field_type)`` with types as strings.
```
